So in the last lecture we learn about conditional it's about the if and how we could use it to conditionally
display something in the dorm and never common use case is outputting a list and we already did this
in the Getting Started section let's do it again.
Let's say we have an ordered list and we got a button here.
So when we click this button here I simply want to output a new list element.
So I'll say new element on the bottom and then the unordered list.
I don't want to output a list item where I say element does is hard coded in this element.
Now I will add the On Click here to the button to also do something once you click it and I'll name
this add element.
There's of course the same method we have to add.
So let's go to our methods property and add add element here.
This is a function.
And in this function here I now want to add new elements to an array of elements.
So I'll create this array of elements here.
The name is up to you and it's an empty array initially but whenever I click this button I want to reach
out to this element and push a new element on it.
And now this could be anything could be a string could be a javascript object could be an array whatever
you like here.
I will simply push this elements length plus one.
So a number on to this array.
Now if I do this and I go back to my template on the list item the element I want to repeat.
Eventually I'll add the for a number directive recognized by View chess which basically tells you chess
hey please recreate this element.
You sit on.
So the list item as often as required and to determine if that is required between the quotation marks
we tell it through which elements to loop.
So there are a couple of different loops syntax supported by View chess and you can check out the official
documentation to learn more about.
The basic and most common syntax is to say any variable name you like like L in elements.
And again this part here can be named the way you want.
Elementis possible any other name as possible but elements here of course refers to our data property.
And now the list item will be repeated for every element in the array.
So if we had control enter Let's open the console to see if we get any errors.
If I now click new element you'll see I add new elements here and that is the amazing thing we can of
course.
You can update our list item and say element and then use stringin tribulation again.
Keep in mind we're still in the view template here of course to output element which will just be a
number as we define it to be one down here.
So now the control enter you'll see element 1 to free and so on that is really amazing and that is how
we can output lists with future as super simple.
And if you have a look at the HMO code we have your entered javascript code and what we can do with
that.
Imagine writing this with vanilla javascript or with javascript only without future.
Have fun with that.